Welcome to Baria Temple International Church's Podcast.
I am your host Timothy, and we're here together on this beautiful day to hear from God.
Today, we're fortunate to have our beloved pastor, Michael Gonzalez, with us who will be sharing God's word.
So let's all prepare ourselves to receive what God has in store for us today.
Let's begin.
So today we are wrapping up our series in hope and healing and so we continue on with our series, if you will, the we are and this is
A series that I have been particularly passionate about, I hope that has come through in the way that I have shared, the things that I have shared, the topics that I feel that the Lord has placed on my heart.
Because when we exist as a community, when we exist as a church, we are a strategic plant by the Holy Spirit.
Now, we are not a church plant as that we would define them today.
We are a church that is almost 100 years old.
1937 is when the first group of believers gathered together in what would ultimately become Berea Temple.
We are in 2024.
So in just three years, we will celebrate our 90th.
Isn't that right?
90 if I did my math right.
anniversary.
That's a lot of years, that's a lot of believers, that's a lot of people.
And regardless of what was preached in the last 90 years, none of it would have been able to come to fruition if the body of believers at Berea Temple did not believe in hope and healing for their community.
Whatever the community looked like when in 1950 they put
spade into ground at this location, or in 1949 or something like that, and they broke ground on this location for the sanctuary building and for the Parsonage.
This neighborhood, I'm sure, looked very different in parts of it.
Now some of the houses, as you know, are much older than that.
But the community was here, and there was a body of believers that said, this is where we need to meet.
This is where we need to connect and impact our community.
So for us today, this has been our crux, our jumping off point, if you will.
When we talk about being who we are, we talk about who he is, the father.
I am and then who we are in his likeness because he is, then we have to naturally ask who we are externally.
Where are we going and what are we doing?
What is our purpose as a church?
And so we have looked at all kinds of ways that God has called us to engage the world around us.
Today,
We focus on the future.
A future that God assures us is filled with hope.
As members of this congregation, our identity has been building over this year with we are, and then we are AG.
Then we are AG church members.
We are AG church members who offer hope and healing to our community.
How many of you, if I don't look, don't pull your Bible out, guys, don't advance it.
I've got it taken care of without looking at your Bible.
When I say Jeremiah 29 and verse 11, how many of you can quote that without me putting up the slide?
I would guess that there's probably a number of you.
Now you may pull your Bibles out if you would like to physically pull out your Bible, but of course it'll be on the screen.
Jeremiah 2911 says, for I know the plans I have for you, says the Lord.
They are plans for good and not for disaster to give you a future and a hope.
See Jeremiah 2911 is a promise given to God's people in exile, declaring that despite their current situation, God has plans to prosper them, not to harm them.
He's not sent them away to be heard.
He's not sent them away for damage or destruction.
He has allowed this process, this time in their life, this season, if you will,
but that he already had a plan in place.
He already had a situation in mind.
This message for them was simply met, was given to the prophet and it was meant to lift up their eyes beyond their immediate struggles and to see the bigger picture of God's purpose.
And this is where we come in.
The same is true for us today in the city of St. Louis.
God has a future of hope and healing planned for this city.
And what he's asking is he's asking us to pick up the banner and to carry it forward.
It's wonderful that our sign says there is hope healing can happen.
Join us this Sunday.
There's only so much you can say on a little letter board with so many letter slots.
They need to come inside to hear the full message.
Amen?
But God has called us as a church to be a banner carrier, to be the witness, we might say, in our lost
and dying world.
Our world, for the most part, is the city of St. Louis.
Most of us are not in a financial situation to be gallivanting all over the globe.
I wish that were the case.
Take me with you, please.
And my wife, I won't leave her out.
But we're not in that position.
And so our going into the world, into the lost and calling out those who are in need of Christ exists within the city of St. Louis.
For some of us, it's mostly South St. Louis.
It might be South County.
It might be North City, depending on where you live within the area.
But God calls us to trust in His vision.
He calls us to partner with him in building a future of hope and to persevere through the challenges, knowing that he is faithful to his promises.
This is what he's called for us, is to help be part of the building process, to be
Watchmen on the wall to be builders who are able to be found faithful.
This is the function of our church.
When we talk about we are, we are A.G. church members who offer hope and healing to our community.
We are people who are actively involved.
Now, can I tell you something and you hear it with your heart, not with your head?
Christianity is an active, participative activity, event, belief system.
It is not a passive belief.
It is not a passive thing.
We cannot be found sitting.
I know you're all sitting right now, don't worry, I'm not asking you to stand for the rest of the service.
It's okay.
But we cannot be found
resting back the statement used to be on our laurels.
Being a Christian is about being active.
He says, go make disciples.
It's a command, it's an activity.
He asks us to do the work of the church.
He asks us to be, these are all active statements.
And so for us as believers, it's not enough to come into church on Sunday.
to sit and listen to the pastor and go, okay, that's what we've got to do.
I've done my part.
That's not enough friends.
I'm sorry.
I hope you're here and again, here with your heart, not with your head.
You have to be active in our faith.
When we talk about offering hope and healing, this is talking about being an active
part of what God is doing, being active in our faith.
Whether that's coming here, we've talked about that, coming into the building, coming over here to join with other believers and whether it's teaching or leading or doing or being at prayer meeting and spending time with us in prayer, whatever it may be, it's an active faith.
If you are only attending on Sunday morning and that's all you're doing and you're going, hey, listen,
I've done my part.
Might I say you are faithful but woefully lacking in what God has for you?
Are you a believer?
Absolutely.
Are you saved?
Of course.
But does God have more for you?
Yes.
It's like going to the buffet and only grabbing an appetizer and going, hey, I think I'm going to have this, you know, egg roll
or I'm gonna have a little puff puff, or I'm gonna have a little bit of whatever caviar if you're of that stature in life.
And going, I'm gonna leave away.
I'm gonna skip over the steak, the main dish.
I'm gonna skip over the sides.
I don't want any dessert.
It's okay.
How many of us go eat that way?
Probably not most of us.
Most of us go and we want
the full meal, yeah?
I mean, if we go to a restaurant or even at home, and mom or dad puts a meal on the table, we don't eat just the one piece and leave the rest and let them throw it away.
That only happens on TV.
We want the whole thing.
We want the main dish.
We want the sides.
We want the bread, the soup.
More importantly, we want the dessert, right?
It's only reason we ate the vegetable part that mom and dad make us eat.
We want everything that there is to have that's on our plate.
And for many of us, when we talk about being hope and healing for a lost and dying world, we're satisfied with just the appetizer, we're satisfied with just a sign.
And what we're doing is we're leaving out on the table a whole plethora of buffet, a mighty course of all that God has and wants for us.
But because we only attend church on a Sunday morning, or we only attend church on insert, whatever spot,
We're leaving all of this and it's being left aside.
So all that to say we need to be an active part of the body.
God is asking us to be part of what He is doing.
And for us as a church moving forward,
we need to have an active mindset.
The first thing we need to do in building a hope and a future to offer our friends, our neighbors, our family members, a hope and healing for the future, building a future of hope.
The first thing that we need to do is we need to be trusting God's vision for the future.
See, for many of us,
we're not 100% sure we believe what God has for the future.
So we're definitely not telling anybody else about it because we see what God is doing and we're like, man, that just doesn't seem right.
Or more likely, we don't see what God is doing because our eyes are too focused on right here and right now.
We're too worried about
the bank account, the relationship with the kids, our marital stress, our job situation.
And so much of our vision is caught right here in our little bubble that we're not even looking to what God is doing down the road.
And we're not even looking to see.
And so we go, we're not listening for it because God's
But when the world is shouting in and shouting over, and the bank account is saying, hey, I'm just about overdrawn, and you have four more days before money comes in, or you have a relationship that is about to break, or you have a job situation that is about to be lost, those tend to outweigh
And so we're insecure.
We're insecure about what God's vision for the future is.
And so we don't share it.
So we've got to be trusting God's vision.
Jeremiah 2911, what did it say?
We already read it.
He says, I know the plans I have for you.
And then he goes to lay that out.
He doesn't say, I have an idea.
I might have a thought.
I might have a situation.
I might have a way out.
He says, I know the plans I have for you.
God's plans are always for our good, even when we can't see the full picture.
This passage Jeremiah 2911, see we all like to hold on to that as God's plan for us, right?
He has a plan and a few hope for me.
Well, this is a message to a specific group of people for a specific purpose.
It's one of the worst interpreted passages in all of scripture.
because people use it out of context.
But the reality is we know from other scriptures that God does have a plan, a different plan for us, a different purpose for each individual.
He has a situation.
Some of us are plans.
don't exist for many, many years.
And we won't see old age.
I'm not trying to be ugly.
I'm not trying to be sad.
But that's just the reality.
Some of us, God's plan for our lives only exists for 50 years, for 30 years, for 20 years.
And unfortunately, for whatever purpose and plan, they may only exist for a couple of years.
And a little one goes home.
I'm not justifying it.
I know it's a horribly painful thing.
But it does happen in our world.
And for some of us, our plans, God's plan for our life is 85, 90, some 100 years, because He has a plan and a purpose.
And when that plan and purpose is done, He calls us home.
See, the context of this passage, 29, 11, is God's promise to the Israelites again in exile, reminding them that
that his plans are for their welfare and not their disaster.
Even in captivity, God was working towards their ultimate good.
In our struggles with our, whether we have personal or communal or societal, they are not the end of the story.
You're not gonna see the end of something just because a current situation looks difficult.
I'm going to reference the politics of our current society.
I don't care what side of the voting platform you're on.
Neither side is the answer to our current situation.
I've already told you that before.
We all know that.
There is no Christian political party.
There is no evil political party.
God is the only answer for the things that are broken in our society today.
people what we need is not a return to liberalism, not a return to conservatism.
We need a return to Christ.
He is the author and the finisher of our faith.
He is the beginning and the end to everything that we have.
And when we trust Him,
Then we have another passage that is very familiar, sometimes very taken out of context, but here it says Romans 8, 28, for we know that God causes everything to work together for the good of those who love God and are called according to His purpose for them.
Ah, keyword, there's a caveat at the end for them.
God's promise to us is that He's working all things
together for our good.
That doesn't mean it's all things together for the way that you want him to answer.
It doesn't mean that you have a beat-up old junky car that when you put your feet on the floorboard, all of a sudden you're, how many of you are old enough to remember the Flintstones?
Okay, there we go.
Thank you, Sister Debbie, thank you so much for at least being with me, Sister.
If you don't know what I'm talking about, the Flintstones were a cartoon and there was no floor in their car.
His car moved because it was in the Stone Age by his feet and he had to move the wheels forward.
And so there are many, I had a, people I talk about as my other parents, he had a dune buggy and there was literally no floor.
There was the frame part of it and he would have to put his feet
on the frame side, when he would drive it, because the rust had already eaten through the main floorboard.
But no matter what it is, no matter what is happening, you may have a car like that and you're praying and asking God for a brand new Bentley, or a Mercedes, or something that would get, you know, or maybe it's just a Hugo.
I know where you can get an 87 Hugo.
Okay, if you don't know what that is, your tool.
You're too young.
It's an old, junky little car.
They don't even make them anymore.
But sometimes his plan and purpose doesn't include our wants and desires.
His plan and purpose force are to work together for our good.
Okay?
How many of you are parents?
Sometimes you have to discipline your kids for their good.
They don't like it.
They're not going, oh man, I'm so glad mom and dad decided to spank me.
Because that's just for my good.
But you know what?
We're all better for it because we did get a little discipline.
Whether you're for spanking or not, discipline in whatever form, whether it's corrective timeouts, it's, you know, words of affirmation, whatever it may be.
Nobody likes to be disciplined.
But God is working together for our good.
and we need to trust Him because trusting God's vision requires faith in His timing and in His way.
Go back to Jeremiah chapter 29 in verse 5 and through 7.
Look at what God tells the Israelites to do.
So He's already told them
Or he's getting ready to tell him that he has a plan and a purpose, 29, 11.
This is five through seven.
So just before all this, he says, build homes and plan to stay, plant gardens and eat the food they produce.
Mary and have children then find spouses for them so that you may have many grandchild students hear this word from your parents.
They want lots of grandkids.
I'm kidding.
Multiply, do not dwindle away, and work for the peace and prosperity of the city where I sent you into exile.
Pray to the Lord for it, for its welfare will determine your welfare."
We spoke on this a few weeks ago.
The Israelites were told to remain in exile for 70 years.
That would be a hard message for most of us to hear.
yet God instructed them to build houses, to plant gardens, to seek the welfare of the city.
This was a call to trust God's timing and engage fully in their present circumstance.
In the same way we're called to trust God's plans and to watch them unfold according to His perfect wisdom.
Even when we can't understand His timing,
Faith means taking steps today believing what God is at work in ways we cannot yet see.
Faith is acting today for something, for a reward, for a goal that we don't have the goal to see.
We exist today as a church because in 1937,
a group of believers gathered together and said, hey, we think we need to plant a church.
We need to start something in South City.
And we need to start doing, they didn't know who was going to sit here.
They didn't know you were the ones sitting in the pews in 2024.
To be honest with you in 1937, they couldn't even fathom what 2024 would look like.
They just knew they needed to do something.
Berea Temple in 2024 needs to act accordingly in faith for Berea Temple in 2048.
Now we're talking almost 100 years, so in what, 21, 24?
We don't know who's going to sit here.
We don't know what people are going to be.
in the church at that time, if the Lord chooses to Terry, but we need to act believing that God is going to be faithful, that we know His ultimate plan is going to be fulfilled.
I want you to think back with me, if you will, for a bit in our Bible.
Think back to the story of Joseph.
And his brothers had sold him into slavery.
Potiphar's wife tried to seduce him by no fault of his own.
He ends up landed in jail.
And the only hope that he had to hold on to were some dreams that he had when he was a younger guy, dreams.
Just maybe I had bad pizza the night before.
Maybe I drank a little too much sacramental wine and just the, you know, I had a bad dream.
All he had to hold on to through all that his life had gone through was these dreams that he was holding on to.
See, that would cause any of us to question whether or not we had really heard from God, but Joseph's story shows us that even when circumstances seem dire, in jail, no thoughts of getting out.
Only the, hey, when you get out tomorrow, will you remember me?
And the dude didn't.
It was a couple of years before, oh, hey, wait a minute.
Fair, I got a guy a couple of years ago in jail.
God's vision is always toward a greater purpose.
Despite the betrayal, despite the slavery, despite the imprisonment, Joseph's faithfulness led to a position where not only could he affect change in his own life, but he saved the lives of thousands of Egyptians, but ultimately he saved the lives of his own brothers and his dad, his family,
But without all of the difficulty, without all of the trials, without all of the scariest of being in jail, none of that would have come to fruition.
And so God works and uses things and situations that we don't always understand.
You look at Paul being in jail, Silas, Peter, in jail, locked up for us in our modern society, that would be for a lot of us, that would be the end.
That would kind of be the kind of a closing to a lot of our situation because in our society, being a convict or an ex-convict once you got out, carries certain stigma, makes jobs getting harder, things of that nature.
It makes even being a believer sometimes people kind of doubt whether or not you're sincere, even if you've had a genuine experience.
See, as a church,
We need to trust God's vision for our community and believe that it is a good vision.
We need to commit to pray and act in faith believing that he's working toward a hopeful future for the city of St. Louis.
Listen, thanks.
I've put up news clippings.
It only takes a couple of seconds to flip through and for hope to start disappearing.
When you see the shootings and their young people shooting each other,
You go, dear God, how do we even begin to help this situation from a spiritual standpoint?
Yes, we have prayer, and that is the most important.
But how do we put boots on the ground?
How do we put feet into the fire, literally, as believers?
And we have to believe that God has a plan and a future and a hope for this city, even in the midst of the storm.
The second thing that we need to be doing in building a future of hope is partnering with God to build hope.
Look at Philippians chapter one and verse six, it says, and I am certain that God who began the good work within you will continue his work until it is finally finished on the day when Christ Jesus returns.
When we partner with God to build hope in the city of St. Louis, we know he's already started it.
Do you know how I know he's already started it?
It's a really, really, really easy way.
What's the name of the city?
St.
Yes, it's named after a person.
But there was a point in the history where they didn't shy away from the title, St. Where, whether we believe what they believe or not, the Catholic Church had a significant influence in the community that is St. Louis.
You only need to go downtown to see the beautiful cathedrals that adorn most of the area.
But there was a work already begun, whether we would say it was kind of off track a little bit, it doesn't matter.
There is a work that has begun.
So if the work has begun, then God is gonna be faithful to complete it, amen?
And so if the work has already started in the city of St. Louis, we as the believers, the hands, the feet of Jesus in a lost and dying St. Louis,
are going to be found faithful at work, hand to the plow, mouth open, speaking.
hope and healing to our community.
See, God initiates the work, but we're called to participate actively in it.
Here's that word active again.
Paul reminds the Philippian church that the good work begun in them was God's doing.
It required their, but it required their continued partnership in faith and in action.
There has been too much abdication of our role in the community.
the society to take over the job of the church.
Ooh, that didn't get amends.
That's okay.
That's what this whole sermon series is about.
We've allowed the city government, non-governmental organizations, non-religious organizations to take over the job that God called the church to fulfill.
that God called the body of Christ to fulfill.
Well, the problem with that is, is they're fulfilling those needs, but they're leaving out literally the cornerstone, the crux, the pinnacle of what that kind of help is supposed to be for.
They're leaving out Christ.
See God's work isn't a solo effort.
It's a collaborative mission where he invites people to join in.
Our role is to respond to God's initiation and God's invitation with faithfulness, engaging in that service that he's called us to, engaging in outreach and in community building as active participants in his plan.
Building a hope means investing in relationships and in community.
Just as Jesus invested in his disciples, we're called to pour into others.
Look at Romans chapter 10, verses 14 and 15.
It says, but how can they call on him to save them unless they believe in him?
How can they believe in him if they have never heard about him and how can they hear about him unless someone tells them?
And without anyone to go and tell them without being sent,
That is why the Scriptures say how beautiful are the feet of the messengers who bring good news.
I need everybody to take their shoes off.
No, I'm kidding.
But hopefully that got your attention.
How beautiful are the feet of the ones who are sent?
The ones who go and take good news.
Is it talking about the feet?
No.
Saying how beautiful are you?
that you go out into a lost and dying world and you take the most beautifully fragrant flower.
That is Jesus.
And you share it and you say, hey, listen, come here, I want you to smell.
I want you to smell the sweet aroma of my savior.
And as it fills your lungs, let it fill your heart.
This is what the church is called to.
The church is not called to apathy.
It's not called to just sit.
Discipleship, mentoring, and community involvement are foundational to the kingdom work that we're called to.
Did you hear those?
Discipleship, mentoring, and community involvement.
We cannot be a church that only exists inside the four walls of 3, 2, 2, 4, Russell Boulevard.
We cannot be.
Lord, help us if we are only existing inside these four walls.
We have to be outside the four walls.
We have to be bringing people outside the four walls inside here.
So whether that means that we're offering coaching classes, mentoring programs, if we are going and taking ourselves and putting an arm around a young person or another brother or sister who needs to be uplifted, who we need to lift their arms, whatever it may be, whether we need to be
I'm just gonna tell you right now, we've not been able to because there's a situation in the city of St. Louis.
Every one of these community events thinks that they're the greatest event known to man.
And there's one event, and I won't say which one it is, some of you know which one already, we have tried to participate in all three years-ish that I have been pastor here, and they won a thousand dollars for an eight by eight square for the booth.
You know what I'm talking about when you go to like the community things and all the different organizations are set up.
Okay, so many of you were at the picnic yesterday.
That's a 10 by 10 pop up tent, the purple ones we put up.
Okay, for that size, they want $1,000 just to put the table up.
Well, that's prohibitive, at least for us right now.
That's a big chunk of money.
But frankly, we as a church need to be
If there is a community event that is allowing, they call them vendors, we're not selling anything, but allows organizations to come and set up, we should have a team there at every event.
Why?
Because people need to know Bria Temple exists.
People need to know that there is a body of believers who are active and willing to be here to offer prayer, support, community engagement, whatever it may be, we should be at every event
Now the thing, thank you.
The problem we have is we live in a really great city.
There are events all the time.
So guess what we need.
Remember a while back we talked about the organizational chart of the church and we had it pinned up for a little while on the board.
And I said, there are all kinds of empty spots there that we need help with.
And then I said, and there's a whole bunch that we haven't even started yet.
And people just kind of, oh yeah, this is one of them.
We need teams.
We need people, say, hey, listen, I can't do a whole lot, but I will go and I will sit at a table for eight hours and man the table and give out information about the church.
We need probably two teams of about four people each who says, hey, listen, I can run a table.
I can't run and do a bunch of construction.
I can't do electrical work.
I'm not really great at cleaning or whatever it may be, but I can sit at a table and I can talk.
These are the opportunities that we have when we talk about being involved in the community.
When we build relationships, we foster trust, growth, and transformation.
These are the cornerstones for a hopeful future.
See, it's when we're out there that people will trust us.
They're not in here because then they think we're on, right?
We're, hey, how are you?
It's great to have you today.
We're so glad you came.
versus when we're just out there.
We're us.
We're just who we are.
Hey, how are you?
Because they came and they saw it out.
They were like, okay, what do you guys do?
And there's an opportunity to build relationship that we wouldn't build in other places.
We're not only building programs, but we're nurturing a thriving, spiritually vibrant community when we do these things.
Third way.
that we can help in building a hope in a future is by persevering in hope despite whatever challenges we have.
We are no different than any other body of believers in this city.
We have our own unique challenges.
Romans chapter five, verses three through five says, we can rejoice too when we run into problems and trials for we know that they help us develop endurance and endurance
develop strength of character and character strengthens our confident hope of salvation.
And this hope will not lead to disappointment for we know how clearly God loves us because He has given us the Holy Spirit to fill our hearts with His love.
Hope is refined through perseverance in difficult times.
When we want to offer hope, we need to say, listen, things are not going to be perfect.
You're going to come to Bria Temple.
You're not going to find a bunch of perfect people.
We're all messed up.
We all have our own baggage, we all have our own things, we make mistakes, we say things we shouldn't have, we go and do things that we probably shouldn't do, but you know what?
We all love Jesus, and if you'll come and join us, you can be another person that helps hold us accountable, and we'll walk forward together in Jesus, amen?
See, true hope is sustained by God's love through the Holy Spirit.
When we talk about having problems, our hope is sustained through the power of the Holy Spirit.
The hope we have is not based in human origin.
It's anchored in the love of God that has been poured into our hearts when we received Christ and ultimately when we received the Holy Spirit.
One of my most favorite things most of you know is the ocean.
I love the water, love being in the water.
I love
Everything that there is about the ocean, but the one thing that I am most infatuated with.
I love lighthouses.
One of my former pastor offices, if you will, was completely decorated in lighthouses.
Pictures and little figurines, and there's a few little remnants of them as I have around.
See, lighthouses have such a unique and singular task in the world.
They are there to stand against the wind and the waves, holding fast through any storm and shine a beacon of light and and worn ships passing in the night of the rocky shores or the dangerous shallow conditions that could damage or destroy the ship.
And I love that because as a believer, it is an image of us.
See, like a lighthouse standing firm against all of the crashing waves, our hope remains unshaken because it's built on a foundation of God's love.
If we are on solid ground, if we are on solid ground, we are a beacon that shines a light in a lost and dying world in the darkness.
What's the darkness sin?
And we stand as a beacon saying, hey, listen, there's dangerous waters out there.
There are things out in the water that are trying to kill you.
And if you don't steer your life accordingly, there are some jagged rocks that are going to completely destroy your ship, your heart.
That's an active faith.
That's an active participation.
I want to see Berea temple persevere.
No matter the challenges that we face, our community needs to see that our hope is resilient, not because of our strength, but because of the love of God that anchors us.
I can tell you with most surety because I've been the one to receive the word.
What is happening at Maria Temple over the last three years is being noticed by our community.
What do I mean by our community?
I'm not talking about just in general, I'm talking about the people that live right here.
They noticed our new front doors and they thought that was amazing.
They noticed some of the other changes that have happened outside.
And we have more changes planned as we have the resources to be able to do it.
All of our lights are gonna work again out front.
The sign, the spotlights, you see those very beautiful buildings, and they have the spotlights that criss-cross the front, and usually they have color.
We have that out front, they just don't work.
We're gonna make those work again.
Our lamp posts, we live in a historic neighborhood.
Lamp posts are iconic to historic neighborhoods.
Our lamp posts are gonna work again.
And when somebody walks by there, walks their dog by it and I think they're going to go, what's going on there?
See, those are external, but the external brings people internal.
And we begin and people are saying, hey, Pastor, you know what?
And they've kind of figured out that I'm the pastor now because I'm always here.
And they go, hey, you know, we've noticed and we're gonna come.
We're gonna stop by and worship one sometime.
I don't know if you'll remember, it's been about a year ago now, but a gentleman came and sat about halfway down on this side.
And it was a gentleman that walked by one day when we were having prayer outside under the pop-up tent.
And he's another faith, but he said, I'm gonna come and I'm gonna see what you guys are all about.
And he came and he sat and worshiped with us.
And he actually happened to be, that was the day we were just starting the growth tracks.
And he stayed for growth track because he wanted to know what we believed and how we taught.
Now he's not been back.
I've had a couple of conversations with him.
He has his own faith and he that's okay.
But we did it.
We had the kind of impact that we need to have.
So now we need to continue that process.
We need to continue acting as the body of Christ in a lost and dying world.
It is working.
It is calling.
And that's just one story.
We've had numerous of those throughout the last couple of years.
So as we close today, I know we've ran a little bit long.
As we close today, I want us to remember that we're not only called to offer hope and healing, we're called to build a future where hope
can be found and healing can happen.
We're called to trust God's vision.
We're called to partner with Him in His work.
We're called to persevere in hope despite the challenges.
As we embrace this identity that we're building out this whole, we are A.G. church members who offer hope and healing to our community.
I hope that we will be filled with the courage to make this a reality.
that we will be filled with the Spirit to make this kind of body of believers at the corner of Compton and Russell a reality, to make this actually happen.
And may we always communicate with our friends and our neighbors that there is hope that healing can happen.
All they need to do is seek Jesus and they can do that by joining us in worship here every Sunday morning.
Let's pray.
So Father, we thank you.
We thank you for the plans that you have for us, plans to give us a hope and a future, plans to help us trust in your vision.
We would help us to partner with you in your work and help us persevere in the hope despite the challenges that we may face.
Father, we commit ourselves to be your agents of hope and healing to the city of St. Louis.
by all means in every conversation, in every encounter, in every divine appointment that you provide for us.
May Berea Temple be a lighthouse, a beacon of hope to those passing through the darkness into your glorious light.
In Jesus' name, amen, with every head bowed and every eye closed still.
If you've never asked Jesus into your heart, I want to invite you to take that first step.
Jesus offers hope and healing and a future filled with purpose for you specifically for today.
You don't have to face life's challenges alone.
Jesus wants to walk with you, to guide you, and to bring you into his peace.
If you've already received him, I encourage you to find a time to sit down and pray during our next song.
will continue to pray with you, will continue to respond together.
But for all those who are already believers, I want to encourage you to commit to trusting his vision, to partnering with him and persevering through whatever challenges you face.
I want you to pray that we would be a community that embodies hope and healing in every conversation, in every encounter, and every divine appointment.
So as our worship team sings, if you need a moment to pray, this one we're only gonna take a moment for response and as they sing.
And then we're gonna go into a special time of prayer with a separate special song for a few minutes.
Amen, the altars are open.